Here's the waiver as Intel Legal worded it, and as it was linked on
the Clutter Bugzilla:

<<<
In order for your changes or enhancements to the Clutter Project to be
accepted into the mainline version, you must agree to the following
waiver of your copyrights in those changes. As used below "submitter"
means the author of those changes that are submitted for inclusion in
the mainline version of the Clutter Project, which can be an
individual, or an organization (such as a corporation or partnership).

By submitting proposed changes and enhancements to the Clutter
Project, the submitter certifies that: 1) the submitter is the
original and sole author of those changes (but not the underlying
Clutter Project); 2) the submitter has sufficient authority to act on
behalf of his or her employer, to the extent that changes and
enhancements are owned by such employer; and 3) the submitter
disclaims and waives all copyrights (both present, and future,
including the right to enforce) in those changes and enhancements to
the Clutter Project, and hereby waives any moral rights that submitter
may possess in and to those changes and enhancements. The submitter
recognizes that, by waiving copyrights and moral rights in those
changes and enhancements, those changes and enhancements may be freely
reproduced, distributed, transmitted, used, modified, built upon, or
otherwise exploited by anyone for any purpose, commercial or
non-commercial, and in any way, including by methods that have not yet
been invented or conceived.
>>>
